Update frequently-asked-questions.md (#5611)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/frequently-asked-questions.md

In our experience, there are only a few Cloud sites that have experienced these limitations and we're happy to work with people who have sites affected by these limitations.

> You can monitor your site usage via the 'Settings' area of Umbraco Cloud. You can view Bandwidth consumption inside 'Usage' as well as CPU and Memory usage inside 'Availability & Performance'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can monitor your site's usage and performance via the '[Usage](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cloud/set-up/project-settings/usage)' and the '[Availability & Performance](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cloud/set-up/project-settings/availability-performance)' pages on Umbraco Cloud. Inside the 'Usage' page you can view Bandwidth consumption and inside the 'Availability & Performance' page you can monitor CPU and Memory usage.
```
